RT Knits’ origins has roots in 1970. Over the years, we have inherited the trust and reputation of our partners. For the last five decades, our apparel manufacturing has evolved to a vertically integrated manufacturer of high-quality products. As of today, we keep on investing in our infrastructure and modern technology to continuously improve in what we do and how we do. Our 50 years of expertise enables us to offer resourceful solutions to our partners.
Friday 10th July 2020, it marked an important milestone in the history of the incorporation of the first textile company in Mauritius; RT Knits’ origins. Discover more on Our story.
RESPECT : Be committed and always show consideration to your colleagues and customers.
INQUISITIVENESS : Be adventurous, embrace change and press the novelty button for sustainable growth.
GREATNESS : Be engaged towards achieving the extra mile and strive to nurture excellence.
HAPPINESS : Feel and spread positivity by balancing work, health and family life.
TRUST : Be honest and consistent in everything you do, walk the talk and move together as ONE.
OUR BEHAVIOURS
TEAMWORK : We believe that team effort creates value in our engagement towards customers.
INNOVATION : We innovate by welcoming every small idea to challenge the status quo.
COMMITMENT : We commit to proactively make things happen besides fulfilling our duties on time.
KEEP CUSTOMER FOCUS : Wowing our final customer is our priority.
LEVERAGE OUR UNPARALLELED PREFERENTIAL MARKET ACCESS
Mauritius is located in the Indian Ocean and benefits from a panoply of trade agreements.
We have bilateral agreements with a number of countries including Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements (DTAAs), Investment Promotion and Protection Agreements (IPPAs), and Memorandum of Understanding (MOU).
For our ongoing negotiations with other regions, get more information on Economic Development Board of Mauritius (EDB).
Our preferential market access is to:
·      Southern African Development Community (SADC) countries
·      Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) countries
·      Indian Ocean Commission (IOC) countries.
·      US through Africa Growth Opportunity Act (AGOA)
·      Pakistan through Preferential Trade Agreement (PTA)
·      Turkey through Free Trade Agreement (FTA)
·      Europe under Interim Economic Partnership Agreement (iEPA)
·      UK under ESA(Eastern and Southern African) -UK Economic Partnership Agreement (EPA).
·      China through Free Trade Agreement (FTA)
·      India under Comprehensive Economic Corporation and Partnership Agreement (CECPA)
·      Mauritius-UAE Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement (CEPA)
WHY DOES RT KNITS CHOOSE TO STAY IN MAURITIUS?
We acknowledge the fact that Mauritius is probably not the cheapest zone to source from but it can be a strategy for risk mitigation. We strongly believe that ‘Made in Mauritius’ has the power to boost your brand image and to reflect trustworthiness and reliability.
Aligned with our vision to change the image of textile, we are proud to be 100% Mauritian production. We want to improve the quality of life and to produce quality garments in Mauritius.
We choose to stay in Mauritius as our focus is not to seek cheapest manufacturing country. Rather, we have continuously improved ourselves in other aspect such as our service to customer, innovation, quality, reactivity, efficiency to offer the best to our partners. We continuously optimise our processes and invest in automation technologies to be more efficient, productive, cost-effective and consistent.
We are determined to work smartly in Mauritius in order to shape the future of our industry and promote better quality of life. Moreover, we are committed in having a positive influence on the lives of our workforce.
ABOUT MAURITIUS
Mauritius is a peaceful country of 1.3 million people with linguistic and cultural diversity. The inflation rate has been on average 3% for the last 10 years.
Bilateral Agrements
Manufacturing is a significant part of economic development in Mauritius that began with the textile industry in the 70s. Over the years, Mauritius has positioned itself as a high quality and reliable apparel manufacturing hub especially in the region of Africa.
What we do best
CO-CREATION
By combining your creativity with our technical expertise, we are able to craft fantastic products and
transform market insight as well as customer feedback into reality. Our products are co-created by
following commercial, technical and environmental guidelines.